Mark {{anch}} and {{manch}} as deprecated + alternative (#13883)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/structures/macros/other/index.md

### Linking

- The [`SectionOnPage`](https://github.com/mdn/yari/tree/master/kumascript/macros/SectionOnPage.ejs) macro creates a phrase that links to both the name of a section and the article containing that section. For example, `\{{SectionOnPage("/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox/Releases/21", "Changes for Web developers")}}` outputs the following: _{{SectionOnPage("/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox/Releases/21", "Changes for Web developers")}}_.

> - **Do not use: use a regular Markdown link, eventually with the `coding` style** The [`anch`](https://github.com/mdn/yari/tree/master/kumascript/macros/anch.ejs) macro inserts a link to an anchor. `\{\{Anch("top")\}\}` produces `<a href="#top">top</a>` ({{ Anch("top") }}). You can also add a second parameter which contains replacement text to display as the link text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Do not use the [`anch`](https://github.com/mdn/yari/tree/master/kumascript/macros/anch.ejs) macro. It has been deprecated. Instead use a regular Markdown link with the `coding` style.** The [`anch`](https://github.com/mdn/yari/tree/master/kumascript/macros/anch.ejs) macro was used in the past to insert a link to an anchor. `\{\{Anch("top")\}\}` produced `<a href="#top">top</a>` ({{ Anch("top") }}). You could add a second parameter, which contained replacement text to display as the link text.
```

> - **Do not use: use a regular Markdown link, with the `coding` style** The [`manch`](https://github.com/mdn/yari/tree/master/kumascript/macros/manch.ejs) inserts a link to a method within the current interface; this is intended only for use in interface documentation pages. `\{\{manch("foo")\}\}` produces `<code><a href="current/path#foo">foo()</a></code>` ({{ manch("foo") }}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Do not use the [`manch`](https://github.com/mdn/yari/tree/master/kumascript/macros/manch.ejs) macro. It has been deprecated. Instead use a regular Markdown link with the `coding` style.** The [`manch`](https://github.com/mdn/yari/tree/master/kumascript/macros/manch.ejs) was used in the past to insert a link to a method within the current interface; this was intended only for use in interface documentation pages. `\{\{manch("foo")\}\}` produced `<code><a href="current/path#foo">foo()</a></code>` ({{ manch("foo") }}).
```
